I'd like to meet our guests who have come to the committee room this morning.
Will you welcome?
We're happy to have you as guests of the committee watching one of the committees of your government
in action.
For now, exactly the first time but perhaps the final time, the chair must convey to the audience
the contents of the standing rule of the committee.
For abiding any audible manifestations of approval or disapproval on the part of the audience
of any time, any time.
The uniformed members of the cultural police, when you see before you, the plain clothes people
scattered among you have a standing order from the committee to remove from the committee
room immediately.
All right, the committee is firmly any of you who for any reasons elective violate the
terms of which you entered the chamber, namely to refrain from audible manifestations of
approval or disapproval.
Those audible manifestations of course would include the plows and walkers laughter and other
audible expressions.
And by large of audiences have been tremendously cooperative and I feel confident that that
type of cooperation will continue now as we entered not only the twilight but the even
time of these years.
On behalf of Senator John McClellan, I would like to announce that he will be in the committee
room a little later, but a special meeting of a committee at which he is remembered dealing
with an atomic energy installation was called for this morning.
And on behalf of Senator Potter, I would like to announce that he too will be in the chamber
later, but he is presiding over some special hearings dealing with problems involving the
television and radio industries.
As we had concluded, I will ask round of questions in the morning or yesterday afternoon.
Mr. Welts had just terminated a 10 minute go-round.
I mean, the drinkers, have you any questions to ask this time?
Chair of the press.
No further questions.
The chair has one or two questions that he wishes to propound, but he wants to withhold
them until Senator McClellan is here because they deal with the problem of the chicken lunch.
Senator McClellan has expressed much interest in and I want to try to say she is sure that
that they do a certain extent about that.
Other than making this statement, then the chair will pass.
And chair would like to say that if there are any individuals here in the press or the
radio or the police force or any of the others who have been cooperating and helping with
this committee, who did not receive the invitation, Mr. Montgomery, and I extended yesterday,
I wish you would call my office.
We tried to get every conceivable name with a difficult task we might have missed.
And you who have been involved with this all as sort of co-puck participants in this experience
have been involved.
We would like to have you call the office so we could extend you an invitation if anybody
was unfortunately missed.
Senator McClellan, now having arrived.
The question will pass.
Senator Dirk, can I do any questions?
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to read into the record of the eightth orchestration in the
1994, the US Secretary of the Appeals for the Second Second.
This was a case of the United States versus M. and Deltier, the AMBLSCHK, second
call of the second circuit, 142 Federal Reporter, second clear is pages 503 and 506.
The presiding judge who handed down the opinion was Judge O'Learned Ham.
And he had this to say about an attempt to the government to withhold government records
in a trial which the government draw against certain internal evidence, vectors for conspiracy.
I read only one paragraph into the record, Mr. Chairman, so that he is my fee preser than
have the attention of the committee at some such a good time.
As I said, the case was decided in 1994 and the Al Prickland paragraph reads as follows
from the opinion poll.
While we must accept that there's law for a party to partner the government to suppress
documents, even when they will help determine controversies between their persons, we can
other believe that this should improve their suppression in the criminal prosecution, found
as a follow-up of very deep use to which the documents relate, and whose criminal may
or may tend to extro pay.
So far, the state directly trusts the criminal, the case, the prosecution necessary
in any confidential carry to the documents made possessed.
It must be conducted in the open and will lay there their subject matter.
The government must choose either it must seem the transactions or the obscurity from which
a trial will draw them, or it must expose them for me.
Now, it doesn't seem though as possible to draw any line between documents, who is content
bears directly upon the criminal transactions, and those which may be only given directly
about that.
Not only would such a distinction be extremely difficult to apply in practice, but the same reasons
which forbid suppression in one case forbid in the other, although not perhaps quite so
imperative.
We hope that the regulations should have been read not to explain the reports here in western
india.
Now, I submit that to Mr. Chairman so that it might become a matter of record, and I presume
that somehow my other members of the committee may want to pursue further and examine the entire
opinion by a very distinguished human rights limitation.
Now, I have only one question at the moment, Mr. Chairman.
I think uniformly we've asked Mary every witness on the stand that at least something
about his military experience, his military record, and his military background.
I think, then, for the purpose of Brown, we know the record that is an appropriate question,
and I should like to ask Sonny McCarty whether he would care to stay something on the record
with respect to his own military experience.
I'll be glad to Senator.
My wonderful, or if you'd better ask me, I'd rather bring the written documents up here.
I'd like to have you rely upon any rest of this, and by me.
Let me take the commission with that on his family, then, suppose we defer the matter into
the documents we will be able to go.
I ask that Mr. Chairman at the appropriate time, and I must renew the question.
Can you pass the rest of the time?
Yes.
The interjection has been sent to the White Tech, and the Simonton.
Mr. Cohn?
No.
Mr. Welch.
Yeah, 10 minutes, barely in the morning for once.
I must just say Claire will have the first matter with December.
Senator, I have a mic to discuss with you, the occasion of January 20th, when John Adams visited
in your home in that evening.
You call that?
I do.
Someone fired at that time, and it's true, as is not Saturday, that U.S. Chairman of the Subcommittee
has requested that the Army-Predeucion members of the club or...
Yes.
...and I've laid to pinpoint that with about January the 19th.
You had it one of the times I'd asked before last night.
Yes, but I mean, you really then have a request to be produced in the office.
I have a request to be produced in the Harryville members of the first class.
I gave them a cut-off date last night.
I heard across the three members, one was for them.
And a cut-off date was January 22nd, which is a Friday.
I believe that's the Friday.
Now, following that, I think it's already appeared in evidence, and I'll ask you if you knew
that John Adams had been to see Senator McClellan following January 18th.
No, I didn't know that he had been to see any of the summaries I suspected he had known.
You knew that he hadn't seen Senator Jackson with Mr. Morgan, and all?
He didn't know that, no, I didn't know that.
He knew suspected that he had known.
Yes, I thought the Adams had been to see someone of the summaries, but...
So, on January 22nd, which was Friday, it's true that it's not Senator that he was invited.
I'm sorry.
That's perfectly all right. I'll try it again.
It's true that it's not that you invited Mr. Adams to your home on the 22nd, in that right, Senator.
Mr. Adams was so testifying. I was under the impression that he had called and suggested he can move over, but if he saw as I invited him, I would take his words from him.
I don't think it's very important, but Mr. Adams was not in the habit of inviting himself to your home on the 22nd.
Well, if Mr. Adams we did, he testified that I had invited him.
My memory is not clear enough on that, so I would correct Mr. Adams.
And I believe the conference took no matter the law that it had been out, it did not.
Well, I think it was perhaps two or three hours. I couldn't think quite a long time.
And during the course, I let this guy understand Mr. Adams' testimony in English, and McCarthy was today's racist, hostess, and Bernie Joel was in his dream.
And I believe in Mr. Adams' left some products of that great state of discolour and give it in.
Yes, in fact, I think we, uh, went to the junior gave the John some, uh, self-decorder sausage and some cheese from Steve Miller who established with the March Bill Wisconsin.
I can't see you.
That's perfectly alright, Mr. Davis.
Open the Wisconsin, you see Steve's cheese is rather important, well known.
Thank you for that, sir.
Now, I think, sir, that you testified that one of the subjects discussed by you and Mr. Adams was naturally the calling of the members of the Law of the Board.
Yes. And would you say, sir, that that was the first subject to discussed?
Not necessarily the first subject of any important.
The first subject was the, uh, the principal subject had to do with the calling of the Law of the Board and calling of those responsible for a comment and profession.
Now, Senator, you knew, and Mr. Adams knew that you wanted to ask those members of the Law of the Board, among other things, questions as to why they declared friction to claim or comments.
Not necessarily friction to claim or comments, but persons who have had long, communist records, some records, some of them with records of stealing radar secrets.
Well, without going into each such case, at least that's what you had in mind, and don't add up his new task.
There's no question about it. You wonder, ask these people about their actions as members of the Law of the Board.
No, that is correct. In addition to that, I admit it's clear, John, that's, uh, we wanted to go to other matters, the transcript will show up to, uh, monitor what we can do with the elections.
That's right. So I think like that.
Yes.
Well, now, Senator, you knew them, as you know now, that for that, any member of the Law of the Board to testify has to use action, with reference to clearing these persons who refer to his commentists.
With, with requires them to give this committee glory security information, and violation of President's order.
Only, uh, you are the one who might get it or not, or whether you are the right or not.
You are the right, but we have to say this.
Mr. McClure.
Mr. Roosevelt also pointed out that a number of these countries have, this is a very important issue in this case.
The question is, can any President, not the old human order, the legitimate of this, can any President, the violation of the Law of the Congress, keep from the American people, but the American people who you were trying to Congress here, because we are there, uh,
hired men down here.
Can any person keep the information of wrongdoing from the American people by an executive order?
I think not. And may I say now that I think this is something we should test out.
Uh, we should test this as a very earliest opportunity by one of the contempt procedures.
Well, perhaps that was so, but on the night of January 22nd, you knew, and Mr. Adam Snow, that the state of the fair is as of that night,
would preclude any members of the executive department, just to find as to loyalty, security, and information.
Whether or not we agree that the human order was right or wrong, that was the situation.
No, Mr. St. Clure, I think that under the human order, they would preclude it from giving us much of the information we needed.
That's right.
But I feel that they could have given us some information number one and number two, I explain to Mr. Adams, I just put position.
But no one except the president is immune to my subpoena.
But once you've been subpoenaed, you're before the committee.
Well, I think you can certainly refuse to violate the law.
Uh, it's possible you may be able to refuse to violate a presidential directive, which is conferred the law, like a question that very much.
Well, you wouldn't want an employee, let's say, as a department of the army, to take it apart himself to violate the order of the president of the United States.
You may not agree with the order, maybe I don't bet, at the moment it's not mysterious.
Mr. St. Clure, with you and I, could argue about this.
Well, I don't think we're trying to finish the subpoena.
That's right.
The man may say that we did by presidential directive establish the legal theory, knowing the trials of the war criminals that no man could use the order of a superior, as an excuse for example.
I have to say, he had to abide by the laws of the land, regardless of any orders, any superior.
And I think that any individual who knows that communist were wrongfully clear, the son-of-a-half of the secret work, is bound because that's the committee, even though he might lose his job because of it.
Well, let's pass on to their senator.
There's no one in this room or anyone listening that does not understand your position in the matter.
I have a bunch of...
This is a type of conversation that you and John Adams had in your department, that night, as it not.
But we just give them many things.
Well, I'll ask you the loyalty security board.
As the loyalty security board, the...
For the chosen complainers of the last Mr. Adams...
Well, we know the other subjects, but let's see if we can break the law.
No, but let's let me just give you roughly the general picture of Mr. St. Clure.
Well, I would agree for you, sir, if you don't mind.
Your council will, of course, be allowed to ask questions.
If I don't ask the right question, that's my fault.
Okay.
Thank you.
Now, Senator, Mr. Adams told you that it was his opinion that, as a matter of law, that these persons could not come.
As a matter of fact, as I recall, that's a good idea.
And he presented to what you now believe is a polacious legal defense of this position.
He presented a very good argument, yes.
That's right.
And he's a lawyer.
And you were a lawyer.
Nothing else, that's true.
Now, so that...
Insofar as far as...
Is it penance?
No.
Oh, I got to know you when I'm sorry.
Now, also the questions of Mr. Cullen with this...
Discussed that, nice.
Right.
Mr. Adams relayed information to you about what he thought.
Mr. Cullen had gotten himself on his next work.
No, it is not correct.
Well, he told you something about what he thought Mr. Cullen had been doing, getting on it.
No, it is not fitting in fact, Mr. Adams.
Oh, Adams, wait, this is an abandoned Mr. Cullen's part.
Mr. Adams made it clear to me.
Yes.
Well, that...
Unless the...
...carrying for Cullen all.
Especially the loyalty for his carings.
That there would be charges made against Mr. Cullen.
As I recall, we never even discussed the validity of them, because I don't either...
I don't either want to talk to them about...
Well, but you know what?
Discussed that, I don't think they're valid. I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Well...
It's clear, it's clear.
Thank you.
If you could give you an answer, Senator McCartney, please turn out...
Mr. Jenkins?
I...
Chair will pass until Senator McCartney returns.
Senator McCartney will certainly pass until we return.
So, we can now decide who's there.
Mr. Chairman, if the material is here, I...
If we knew the question, I...
...would have heard a little out of go.
So, let me...
...compoint to...
I'm not sure if I can read my answer to Mr. St. Flair.
Let me make a statement to Mr. St. Flair that...
Mr. Adams did discuss Mr. Cullen, Mr. Schien.
He discussed that in our situation.
Let me repeat that I...
I don't think that Mr. Adams himself, that the charges...
...that he was making a young Mr. Cullen.
And he didn't make much.
I don't think he ever felt there was valid.
He knew that I...
... knew they were not valid.
And I believe we had a complete understanding on that.
I don't think there's any question about it.
Regardless of what was set up at time.
Well, a lot of the witnesses there were,
but he's mad at work, it's gut.
But we discussed Cullen time.
I'm sorry, it's some direction.
Are you prepared now?
I have to be fine with the question.
I have to move a little.
So, yes, your first move to the military.
That goes to the military.
First, let me say that my...
military, I think there's no further to it.
No worse than the average of the...
...some 10 million men served in the service.
But, however, I do think that...
...I may say, some of my appreciators,
asking this question, you have the...
...new stories, the both men with their record,
and I think it's well to cover that under oath.
Not that I think that record is important at all.
I was a judge in 1942,
as a circuit judge, as a gentleman from the service.
I decided to go to the Marine Corps.
I went to Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
tried to, and with...
I was told, at that time, that they were taken under advisement,
that I was over 30, that perhaps I couldn't...
...qualified when this does a private...
...regulation case, as you go along.
It was in...
...the Mayor's June, I don't recall the exact date.
I was later advised with the...
...backed on a false case,
and I was told that the need of what they called...
...and the need of the title,
meaning aviation specialists,
which again, was a meeting with the men,
the need of some old men,
and each squadron,
to sort of act as advisers and counselors to the young pilot.
And they had what year was this?
This was 1942 in June, I think it was June 1942.
They informed me that they made it this one ground-off,
or known as, come that intelligence,
to work with these squadrons,
to handle intelligence matters,
handle the problems of the young men,
and they thought, I have a few to apply.
I entered the service.
I think it was July 13, 1942.
I left the service in...
...in a February or March of 1945.
Well, in that time, I served as a ground officer
with a marine valve-arming truss,
did some flying in the back seat,
qualified as a rear seat muner,
did some photographic work in the rear seat of the valve armor.
Finally, it was shifted to the intelligence staff
of what they called comers,
so which means they commander,
aircraft, assault.
They commander of the aircraft,
assault, and shifts at every three months,
or three months at a non-emang,
three months at a non-emang,
three months at a Marine Corps officer.
And they had chiseled of all the aircraft,
finding any Marine Corps in New Zealanders.
One down the line.
Did you fly in any other theater about the station
besides the Solomon area, or what else now?
I was... I spent my entire...
...sure of duty and feature of the duty.
In the...
...general area of the Solomon Mountains.
That was when we started out from the Solomon Mountains.
It was a very hot area.
We ended up when it was...
...our other crewmen.
And we got up here on the Solomon's.
We flew the first strikes on...
...the New Island.
There was a great concentration Japanese aircraft.
And air traffic,
and it was on the Crown Revol.
On the New Island.
And the job of the...
...dive bombers,
the Gopina bombers,
the other with some concrete land coming in from the west.
New Guinea list, you try and knock out those installations
so they can move into the western Pacific.
Now we'll just take for the record the rank that you had.
I...
For the first rank I had as an officer was the first lieutenant.
They finally got short of captain's land.
They got a captain.
I am now a lieutenant-tenant.
You still maintain a reserve service.
Yes, sir.
And if this is not any mother's question,
would you care to say anything about any awards or decorations?
Anything...
...made to you as we talk to your service.
Fortunately, for the first rank,
we have two, but as you the time passed,
the...
...and the question was raised.
I think, let them be...
...a daily worker in New York,
and let them be a daily worker,
the worker in the war,
that will bring the...
...reading of the Fuffi-Wuckert Strike.
The first award...
...that I got the one that I had as a valuable sparing.
I was to have no limits.
As a few of the commander of...
...the aircraft,
and...
...the Pacific.
I could read it if you like.
The citation for...
...meritorious official performance of duty as an observer in the recon here.
Of a dive bomber attached to a marine stealth bombing squad
operating in the south-east of the area,
from September 1 to December 31, 1943,
the participant in the large number of combat missions
and in addition to regular duties,
I could have aerial target perk,
Lieutenant-Eckram photographs,
and then again positions as well,
in the sense that the aircraft's fire,
whereby gaining violent information,
to contribute to the material
is a success of subsequent strikes in the area,
a little suffering from severe leg injury.
It was used to be hospitalized,
to continue to carry out his duties,
as intelligence officer in a highly efficient winner.
His courage had been to do it,
and the motion of duty was keeping with the highest traditions of naval service.
I already see the number,
I guess you'd call them,
commendation to our question of sleep,
from General Farman,
with an army general.
I would just assume that rhythm of personal
to the members of the unit that cared to heaven,
I received a letter from a method of called
commendation or a prior to something from field crafts,
to a commander of aircraft,
and so the Hamlin was a commander of aircraft,
my son, when I was working in my area,
13 pounds, the ring for dinner,
and so I received the air metal with fire,
a bit of a fire, a fire-opening cluster,
and I received the distinguished flying costs.
And I say, Mr. Chair,
a touching reflection of the land,
that we're setting the receipt of the air metal
when the distinguished flying costs,
it does not have the meaning of use to have,
seeing the ring for the navy,
during the war,
we're just a position, I think, rightly so,
that any man who merely did his duty
flew in combat areas,
flew in combat flights,
that he was not entitled to any decoration,
but he was the relatively British military
as taken to, and I think that's the right position.
However, after the war was over,
the Marine Corps and the Navy decided to adopt
the Army's system of giving a war.
Now, I don't agree with you,
because the Army has some good reasons for it,
they feel it's a morale builder,
their system wants to give an air metal reach
high of flight,
to give a distinguished flying cost,
which 25 come at flight.
At that time, all of us who were entitled
to air metals,
distinguished flying cost,
were requested to submit a record for my law books,
and we received those decorations,
so may I say the same?
Well, I naturally am proud of the air metal,
the distinguished flying cost,
I believe,
that a man flying on the back seat of the diabomer
is not responsible for the flight of the plane,
really taking pictures and shooting the received guns,
is not entitled to compare his distinguished flying cost
with the,
the distinguished flying cost, for example,
a man like Joe Pauw,
Joe Pauw has to
shot down some 27 flying,
he's from the great state of South Dakota,
the ninja of the other day,
one of the most outstanding men we have,
so I'm really excited that so that
it will be clear if the situation
I am not bragging about any of the decorations,
the one I'm really excited about is the new expectation.
The visual,
son of Jackson.
There,
I have a minute to answer.
Thank you, madam.
Mr. Cromwell,
Mr. Welfren, Mr. Dean Ferrer,
I assume the Senate is ready,
I'll accept it.
I have a senator around,
he'll go back for a moment.
When Mr. Adam and Senate view were discussing
the problem of calling the members of the law,
would you understand Mr. Adam has
some legal backing for his position over in the Pentagon?
I knew that Mr. Steven was acting up.
I mean, some legal backing, back as a sir.
Well, legal backing, do you mean...
Did he have some agreement with some of the other lawyers
over in the Pentagon?
Oh no, you're thinking of a cell of the products of the showroom.
I've only been zero on the thing, Mr. Steven,
because very poor, we have no discussion
of any other lawyers who discuss the work.
All right.
It's now been an evidence that Mr. Adam had already been
to the Department of Justice and discuss the matter.
Did you know that, then?
I did not know that my thinker John should have told me.
Right.
I said, I did not know that,
and I think his turn was he should have told me.
Well, now, Terry, that he has had some backing
in the executive department for his point of view.
You have to move a high on the night,
and you can get him.
That's right.
And I think Mr. Cohen's explained to us
unless the government has resolved
we're likely to have a collision again sometime.
But now, let's pass on.
Liam already had listed the fact that,
in addition to discussing members of the law of the court,
he and the stratum also discussed with Mr. Cohen
and his son, and you said
you didn't think John Haram believed what he was telling you,
and you and that were a different belief when he was telling us.
Right.
So that, since the fire of the jury testimony,
we're both discussing something that either of you believe it.
Would you like everything to turn?
I wish you were.
I'm sorry.
Are you ready?
So, when you talk about our evidence,
that's not it.
You will walk the discussion something,
you'll believe it.
John, John was letting me know that they would issue charges.
For him, Mr. Cohen,
charges that he climbed on the barracks with the committee,
you wouldn't call all the hearings.
I, uh, I told that he would duel that at last.
I, uh, thought he might.
Well, now, if you've used some words more than once,
Senator, that are rather fascinating to me,
you have said John Adams made it clear
that he would release this report.
Is that a way of saying, sir,
that he did it by inference rather than by direct language on this part?
Mr. Senkler, uh,
I don't think John ever said in so many words
that he don't call off the hearings.
I will issue a false report.